Add enterprise image signing verification docs (#6730)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/signing-verify/index.md

---

> title: Verify signatures for Signed Kong Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Verify Signatures for Signed Kong Images
```

badge: enterprise
---

Starting with {{site.ee_product_name}} 3.5.0.2, Docker container images are now signed using `cosign` with signatures published to a Docker Hub repository.

> This guide provides steps to verify signatures for signed {{site.ee_product_name}} Docker container images in 2 different ways. The first is the minimal example, used to verify an image without leveraging any annotations. The second is the complete example, leveraging optional annotations for increased trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides steps to verify signatures for signed {{site.ee_product_name}} Docker container images in two different ways:
* A minimal example, used to verify an image without leveraging any annotations
* A complete example, leveraging optional annotations for increased trust
```

> For the minimal example, you only need: Docker details, Github repo name, and Github workflow filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the minimal example, you only need Docker details, a GitHub repo name, and a GitHub workflow filename.
```

> For the complete example, you will need the same details from above, as well as any of the optional annotations you wish to verify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For the complete example, you need the same details as the minimal example, as well as any of the optional annotations you wish to verify:
```

| Shorthand | Description | Example Value |
|---|---|---|
| `<repo>` | Github repository | `kong-ee` |
| `<workflow filename>` | Github workflow filename | `release.yml` |

> | `<workflow name>` | Github workflow name | `Package & Release` |

Reviewer 2: These feel brittle to be using as build provenance annotations. Is the CA identity regex + repo name not enough?

Author: Correct:

```bash
$ cosign verify kong/kong-gateway:3.5.0.2-ubuntu@sha256:208c23d88fa9f563a907dbb29c629c10c6183637898b34cbbafef779ff0965f2 --certificate-oidc-issuer='https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com' | jq

Error: --certificate-identity or --certificate-identity-regexp is required for verification in keyless mode
main.go:74: error during command execution: --certificate-identity or --certificate-identity-regexp is required for verification in keyless mode
```

Author: > For the minimal example, you only need: Docker details, Github repo name, and Github workflow filename.

As in, the minimum required annotations for the command to succeed.

> Because Kong uses Github Actions to build and release, Kong also uses Github's OIDC identity to sign images; thus many of these details are Github-related.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Kong uses Github Actions to build and release, Kong also uses Github's OIDC identity to sign images, which is why many of these details are Github-related.
```

## Examples

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

> For both examples, you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both examples, you need to:
```

> 1. Ensure `cosign` is installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure `cosign` is installed.
```

> 2. Collect the necessary image details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Collect the necessary image details.
```

> 3. Set the `COSIGN_REPOSITORY` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the `COSIGN_REPOSITORY` environment variable:
```

   ```sh
   export COSIGN_REPOSITORY=kong/notary
   ```

{:.important .no-icon}
> Github owner is case-sensitive (`Kong/kong-ee` vs `kong/kong-ee`).

> ### Minimal Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Minimal example
```

Run the `cosign verify ...` command:

```sh
cosign verify \
   <image>:<tag>@sha256:<digest> \
   --certificate-oidc-issuer='https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com' \
   --certificate-identity-regexp='https://github.com/Kong/<repo>/.github/workflows/<workflow filename>'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here's the same example using sample values instead of placeholders:
```

```sh
cosign verify \
   'kong/kong-gateway:3.5.0.2-ubuntu@sha256:208c23d88fa9f563a907dbb29c629c10c6183637898b34cbbafef779ff0965f2' \
   --certificate-oidc-issuer='https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com' \

>    --certificate-identity-regexp='https://github.com/Kong/kong-ee/.github/workflows/release.yml*'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   --certificate-identity-regexp='https://github.com/Kong/kong-ee/.github/workflows/release.yml'
```

Does this need the final `*`?

```

> ### Complete Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Complete example
```

```sh
cosign verify \
   <image>:<tag>@sha256:<digest> \
   --certificate-oidc-issuer='https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com' \
   --certificate-identity-regexp='https://github.com/Kong/<repo>/.github/workflows/<workflow filename>' \
   -a repo='Kong/<repo>' \
   -a workflow='<workflow name>'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here's the same example using sample values instead of placeholders:
```

```sh
cosign verify \
   'kong/kong-gateway:3.5.0.2-ubuntu@sha256:208c23d88fa9f563a907dbb29c629c10c6183637898b34cbbafef779ff0965f2' \
   --certificate-oidc-issuer='https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com' \

>    --certificate-identity-regexp='https://github.com/Kong/kong-ee/.github/workflows/release.yml*' \

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

```suggestion
   --certificate-identity-regexp='https://github.com/Kong/kong-ee/.github/workflows/release.yml' \
```

Author: I suppose not!
